You laughed and thought otherwise,
I just ignored your mother,
Don't provoke me,
It's been a long time.
You have laughed so hard at me, who else will you take with you?
You just wanted to ask me, do you have a powder bowl?
Stop crying, how do I know?
I don’t know the proof. As long as I say a word,
It can turn you into a ghost, and you will really go to this place from heaven,
I don’t know what it is, he just wants to kill you.
Those who come next are going to decorate the raw food
Have not eaten
It’s better to use the night before the next few days.
Don't mess with me, you're the one
It seems that the correct food decoration decoration is
Let's give it a chance and not do it again
It’s not just the big and small things in the night that are wrong and right, let’s see your liberation